## Description

An exception's stack trace is printed upon reporting an error to the frontend. 

## Expected Behavior

No exceptions should be printed to the console. All exceptions regarding the proper flow of user input, IMove processing, and updates to Cells should be
hidden to the user with the exception of popups generated by the frontend.

## Current Behavior

Whenever any reportable error is produced (e.g. missing/invalid style file, missing/invalid score file, or missing/invalid rules/layout file for a game),
in addition to the proper popup being displayed, a stack trace is printed to the console.

## Steps to Reproduce

Provide detailed steps for reproducing the issue.

 1. Freshly pull the program from master.
 2. Delete the data/default_style.xml file if it exists (this file is created locally based on user changes to 
 data/default_style_orig.xml).
 3. Launch the program and observe the stack trace.

## Failure Logs

ooga.data.XMLException: InvalidFile
	at ooga.data.factories.StyleFactory.createStyle(StyleFactory.java:77)
	at ooga.data.factories.StyleFactory.createStyle(StyleFactory.java:52)
	at ooga.controller.Controller.extractStyle(Controller.java:178)
	at ooga.controller.Controller.start(Controller.java:94)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.javafx.application.LauncherImpl.lambda$launchApplication1$9(LauncherImpl.java:846)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.javafx.application.PlatformImpl.lambda$runAndWait$12(PlatformImpl.java:455)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.javafx.application.PlatformImpl.lambda$runLater$10(PlatformImpl.java:428)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:391)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.javafx.application.PlatformImpl.lambda$runLater$11(PlatformImpl.java:427)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.glass.ui.InvokeLaterDispatcher$Future.run(InvokeLaterDispatcher.java:96)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.glass.ui.win.WinApplication._runLoop(Native Method)
	at javafx.graphics/com.sun.glass.ui.win.WinApplication.lambda$runLoop$3(WinApplication.java:174)
	at java.base/java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:830)

## Hypothesis for Fixing the Bug

This bug occurs as a result of the reportError() method in Controller. An e.printStackTrace() line was left in the original code
in master, causing the stack trace to be printed even when the error is displayed correctly to the frontend.

More testing will be needed to determine all the cases in which this method is called based on different invalid cases.

Once all of these cases are identified, the line can be removed and the tests can be run again to ensure that no stack trace is printed.
